Added deprecation note for score-helm (#106)
score-spec/docs: content/en/docs/score implementation/Other/score-helm.md

- /docs/reference/score-cli/score-helm/
---

> {{< alert context="info" >}} Deprecation Notice: We have deprecated the score-helm CLI implementation. To get started with Score, we recommend using one of our reference implementations [score-compose](../score-compose.md) or [score-k8s](../score-k8s.md). If you're interested in developing a score-helm reference implementation, we'd love to support you! Please [reach out](https://github.com/score-spec/spec?tab=readme-ov-file#-get-in-touch) to us for assistance and collaboration. {{< /alert >}}

Reviewer: The page links work on GitHub only, for Hugo we need to apply the `relref` type linking:

```suggestion
{{< alert context="info" >}} Deprecation Notice: We have deprecated the score-helm CLI implementation. To get started with Score, we recommend using one of our reference implementations [score-compose]({{< relref "/docs/score implementation/score-compose" >}}) or [score-k8s]({{< relref "/docs/score implementation/score-k8s" >}}). If you're interested in developing a score-helm reference implementation, we'd love to support you! Please [reach out](https://github.com/score-spec/spec?tab=readme-ov-file#-get-in-touch) to us for assistance and collaboration. {{< /alert >}}
```

Reviewer: Ok looks I was late to the party 🥳 Will prepare another PR to fix the links.
